President Su
You're finally here.
We've been waiting for a long time
You two are I am Li Yangchen of Xia Group
This is my Vice President Xia Hai
You are the president of Xia's
Younger than I expected
Hahaha, Mr. Su, you have flattered me.
Oh yeah uh
I heard that your son has returned from studying abroad
Settled in Fengcheng
Why didn't he come tonight?
He is usually busy with work
Besides, he doesn't like this kind of occasion either.
So it didn't come.
Come come
Mr. Su is in love with the little girl.
I wanted them to communicate with young people
It's a pity that the son didn't come, hahahaha.
graceful
She's a beauty
Mr. Xie Su praised
After this?
Pangu Group and Xia Group have established a cooperation
Yeah, they're young people.
There's plenty of time for relationships.
Besides, my son doesn't have a partner yet
Auntie, this dress on you is expensive and exquisite.
What brand is it, please?
The brand of my dress is called Guoyun.
national luck
I'm so shallow
This is the first time I've heard of this brand
I created the brand of national luck myself
In my spare time, I like to create.
I design every piece of clothing for National Transport myself.
What about the brand of national luck?
It is more popular among the top families in Shangjing
The state banquet was designated as a special clothing state banquet